docs: add documentation on `getCachedData` option (#24697)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/2.composables/use-async-data.md

  - `immediate`: when set to `false`, will prevent the request from firing immediately. (defaults to `true`)
  - `default`: a factory function to set the default value of the `data`, before the async function resolves - useful with the `lazy: true` or `immediate: false` option
  - `transform`: a function that can be used to alter `handler` function result after resolving

>   - `useCachedData`: a function which returns cached data. A *nullish* return will trigger a fetch.

Reviewer: Might be good to mention the default somewhere ☺️

Author: The default? As in, returning data in this function returns that as the data?

Author: Please see what you think of the updated wording 👍

>   - `useCachedData`: By default, no caching happens. Provide a function which returns cached data. A *nullish* return will trigger a fetch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `getCachedData`: By default, no caching happens. Provide a function which returns cached data. A *nullish* return will trigger a fetch.
```

>   - `getCachedData`: By default, no caching happens. Provide a function which returns cached data. A *nullish* return will trigger a fetch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `getCachedData`: Provide a function which returns cached data. A *nullish* return will trigger a fetch. By default, this is: `key => nuxt.isHydrating ? nuxt.payload.data[key] : nuxt.static.data[key]`.
```

By default, Nuxt waits until a `refresh` is finished before it can be executed again.

::callout

> If you have not fetched data on the server (for example, with `server: false`), then the data *will not* be fetched until hydration completes. This means even if you await [`useAsyncData`](/docs/api/composables/use-async-data) on the client side, `data` will remain `null` within `<script setup>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have not fetched data on the server (for example, with `server: false`), then the data _will not_ be fetched until hydration completes. This means even if you await [`useAsyncData`](/docs/api/composables/use-async-data) on the client side, `data` will remain `null` within `<script setup>`.
```
